lesson-plans/user-centered-development.md, before:

# User-Centered Development

Learn how to use User Personas and User Stories to put people at the center of
your development process.

## Before Class

- Learn about User Personas
  - [interaction-design.org](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XnG4c4gXaQY)
  - [Robert Smith](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vZ578SqL1oA)
  - [Abnux](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GaEdg9zTdB8)
- Read about User Stories and Acceptance Criteria in
  [Suggested Study](../suggested-study.md)

## During Class

Begin the [Loruki Rebuild](../deliverables/loruki-rebuild.md) deliverable.

### Before Break

- _30 min_: Q/A and review
- _10 min_: Form random groups and study the
  [Loruki page](https://zen-carson-c10c9f.netlify.app/) together:
  - Who is this website for? (_User Personas_)
  - Why are they visiting it? (_User Stories_)
  - Which interactions are most meaningful for them? (_Prioritized Backlog_)
- _30 min_: In your groups write down some ideas for:
  - User Personas
  - User Stories
  - A Prioritized Backlog
- _40 min_: Get back together as a class:
  - each group will quickly present what they wrote and take any questions
  - full-class discussion
- _10 min_: Recap

### After Break

- _70 min_: Go directly to your small groups and begin preparing for the week's
  deliverable. You should try to complete:

  - Repository Setup
  - Project Definition
  - Constraints
  - Communication Plan

  And have a first-draft for:

  - User Personas
  - Backlog
  - Prioritized Design

- _20 min_: Regroup and have each group give a quick presentation:
  - how far did you make it?
  - what went well?
  - what went less well?
  - any tips to share?

## After Class

Study the `/development-strategies` folder in
[/2-writing-plans](../2-writing-plans)

In your groups, try to complete the
[Loruki Rebuild](../deliverables/loruki-rebuild.md) deliverable. If you are not
able to complete everything that's ok! You should still complete a
_Retrospective_ and move your issue to _Ready for Review_ before the next class.

Commit message:

go over dev-strat examples/exercises in class, @denrique-alvarez

lesson-plans/user-centered-development.md, after:

# User-Centered Development

Learn how to use User Personas and User Stories to put people at the center of
your development process.

## Before Class

- Learn about User Personas
  - [interaction-design.org](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XnG4c4gXaQY)
  - [Robert Smith](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vZ578SqL1oA)
  - [Abnux](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GaEdg9zTdB8)
- Read about User Stories and Acceptance Criteria in
  [Suggested Study](../suggested-study.md)

## During Class

Begin the [Loruki Rebuild](../deliverables/loruki-rebuild.md) deliverable.

### Before Break

- _20 min_: Q/A and review
- _20 min_: Form random groups and study the `/development-strategy` examples
  from Chapter 2 together:
  - How do you write a _User Persona_?
  - How do you write a _User Story_?
  - How do you _Prioritize a Backlog_?
  - How do you write a _Development Strategy_?
  - How do you _follow_ a Development Strategy?
- _60 min_: In your groups try to complete one of the `/development-strategy`
  exercises.
- _20 min_: Get back together as a class:
  - each group will quickly present what they worked on
  - full-class discussion

### After Break

- _70 min_: Form random groups and begin preparing for the week's deliverable.

  Study the [Loruki page](https://zen-carson-c10c9f.netlify.app/) together:

  - Who is this website for? (_User Personas_)
  - Why are they visiting it? (_User Stories_)
  - Which interactions are most meaningful for them? (_Prioritized Backlog_)

  By the end of class you should try to complete:

  - Repository Setup
  - Project Definition
  - Constraints
  - Communication Plan

  And have started your:

  - User Personas
  - Backlog
  - Prioritized Design

- _20 min_: Regroup and have each group give a quick presentation:
  - how far did you make it?
  - what went well?
  - what went less well?
  - any tips to share?

## After Class

Study the `/development-strategies` folder in
[/2-writing-plans](../2-writing-plans)

In your groups, try to complete the
[Loruki Rebuild](../deliverables/loruki-rebuild.md) deliverable. If you are not
able to complete everything that's ok! You should still complete a
_Retrospective_ and move your issue to _Ready for Review_ before the next class.
